Minor docs changes (#90)
Sage-Bionetworks-Workflows/nextflow-infra: README.md

## Tower User Onboarding

> Before you can use Nextflow Tower, you need to first deploy a Tower project, which consists an encrypted S3 bucket and the IAM resources (_i.e._ users, roles, and policies) that Tower requires to access the encrypted bucket and execute the workflow on [AWS Batch](https://help.tower.nf/21.12/compute-envs/aws-batch/). Once these resources exist, they need to be configured in Nextflow Tower, which is a process that has been automated using CI/CD.

Author: ```suggestion
Before you can use Nextflow Tower, you need to first deploy a Tower project, which consists of an encrypted S3 bucket and the IAM resources (_i.e._ users, roles, and policies) that Tower requires to access the encrypted bucket and execute the workflow on [AWS Batch](https://help.tower.nf/21.12/compute-envs/aws-batch/). Once these resources exist, they need to be configured in Nextflow Tower, which is a process that has been automated using CI/CD.
```

> 

Reviewer: I just noticed that there is a grammatical error here, not introduced by you, if you don't mind correcting it -- should read "which consists of."

Author: Sure thing!

> 1. Pick a 'stack name' by concatenating your project name with the suffix `-project` (_e.g._ `imcore-project`, `amp-ad-project`, `commonmind-project`).

Author: ```suggestion
1. Create a 'stack name' by following this naming convention: concatenate a project name with the suffix `-project` (_e.g._ `imcore-project`, `amp-ad-project`, `commonmind-project`).
```

Author: @tthyer - let me know what you think of this!

> 

Reviewer: I suggest instead "Create the 'stack name' ...". And then say something about how there is a naming convention and we're sticklers about it. 😁

Author: Works for me! Made a change above - let me know what you think!

Author: Whoops, somehow I lost my change...

Author: Ah, I see, we made the change at the same time!
